Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Life is funny. you know.
One minute. you have
everything you ever wanted to know.
And the next.
the next is all gone.
Guess you got to count your blessings while you can.
Oh my God. baby.
Your baby is so cute.
Thank you.
How does it feel to be a new mom?
Oh my God girl. weird. Okay?
So weird.
Hi baby.
These still your favorite?
Or you're gonna switch up on since you're baby mama now?
Come on. now you know I would never switch up on you.
See that's how we got that first one there.
Now wait a minute. Momma. didn't you say you
want a house full of grandchildren running around?
Where would you get shit like that?
That skin to skin really do work.
At least that works. I can't fit my jeans no more. Emory.
I look terrible. - You look just fine to me.
Oh. okay.
You know. I'm just one cheeseburger away
from being a fat bitch.
I know that. you're lying.
What?
It's a good thing. you married somebody
who loves cheeseburgers
and will buy you all new clothes.
You cannot afford to buy me new clothes.
We can barely afford clothes for that baby.
Well. your baby daddy got that promotion at work.
Yep. you know what that means?
What?
More money.
insurance. and more time to spend with y'all.
Always say you think you will.
That's why I'mma get you whatever you want
because you believed in me.
Just watch.
I love you. Emory.
I love you too.
I just put her down there.
Oh. okay.
How was work. papa?
Work was work.
How's the most beautiful girl in the world?
I'm better now that my king is home.
Come here.
Oh baby.
I should be the one doing this to you. Emory.
You're the one that worked 10 hours today.
Yeah but.
y'know. I gotta take care of my queen
I appreciate you.
Come on.
Did y'all go with that lovey dovey bullshit?
Mama.
Go to grannies. baby.
Mama. I just came to sleep.
And I just walked in the door. so we gonna wake him up.
Now did you find my blazer?
No. ma. and I tore the house up looking for it.
Well. I wanted to wear it to Bishop's dinner tonight.
Emory. can you help her find it?
Now. what's in all these boxes?
All the stuff that I can't fit any more.
thanks to him. and him.
I told you get rid of some clothes
not pile them all in the front room.
I mean. this look crazy.
Oh mama. speaking to that.
You think you can watch the baby
while we go drop this off at the Salvation Army?
Of course. I can.
Yes. I care for you baby-
How did you know
I don't wanna get out of the house with you?
No. my bad. thought she was a rider.
So. the wheels fall off?
Don't play with me.
Loving this little baby weight.
You stay this size. Emmy gonna have another sibling
in no time.
Touch that door. c'mon now.
You know better than that.
All right.
But anyway. where we going. babe?
you do realize we passed two thrift stores back there.
Yeah. I figure we go to one on Whitworth. you know.
That way we can drive past your dream house.
But you do realize it's Sunday. right?
And then people are probably off.
Why we goin' by stalking them?
Only people that work on Sunday is this your fine
hard-working ass.
Babe. fuck them people.
Fuck them people dead.
You okay?
Baby. you do not understand. Ever since
I was a little girl. I've always wanted to live in this house.
You see my Pops? He would take us to all the bigshots
of Motown's houses. I'm talking Berry Gordy.
the boss. Diana Ross. Marvin Gaye. but this boy?
Baby. this was my one.
So. he's a bad motherfucker?
Shit. I'm as cold as you.
Y'know. I really don't feel alright going in here with this
work clothes on.
Boy. you know we can't afford this damn house.
Y'know. c'mon.
What's so funny?
Oh. nothing.
Will you at least better act like you can afford
the motherfucker?
Good afternoon handsome. I thought that was you!
Hey. you must have me confused with somebody else.
but nice to meet you. This is my wife. Harlem.
Hi.
Miss?
Miss Ford.
Harlem. wow that is such a unique name.
and you're?
Emory. Emory Jiles
Emory and Harlem Jiles. Okay. well please help yourself to
hors d'oeuvres as you view. This property is listed
at $390.000 firm but it's 5 bedrooms.
6 bathrooms. state of the arts. everything.
There's an entertainment basement of course. considering it was
once owned by the late great. Marvin Gaye. I mean
quite frankly. it is the perfect dream home.
Oh my God. you don't have to tell me. I've been obsessed
in this house since I was a little girl.
Well. okay. excuse me.
Come on. chill. Let's go see your dream house.
So. what you think?
About the house?
Oh my God. I love it.
I hope we own this motherfucker.
I will fuck you in every single room.
Oh. why can't we just pretend like we own it now.
Wait. let me handle this. Hello?
Hold on. hold on. one second.
Aye watch it. base now- basement. go to the rest of the house.
I'll be right back. alright?
Hello?
Yeah?
Where the fuck is my husband?
Excuse me?
Bitch. where the fuck is my husband? I see him
come down here with you.
But this stairs lead upstairs. I'm sure he is-
Girl. don't put your fucking hands on me.
Brooklyn.
Brooklyn?
Bitch. if you don't shut the fuck up. And
where the fuck is Emory?
Emory!
Emory. what the fuck is going on?
Suprise!
Suprise. my ass. You and that bitch
disclosedme. fucking both y'all up.
And... what is this?
Open this.
Fuck is this? And who you been on the phone with?
Girl. that was your mama and shit.
Wait a minute.
Is this what I think it is?
You know how hard it was keeping
this shit secret from you?
Is this what I think it is?
Oh my god baby. today is the best.
Surprise!
Congratulations.
This is the most romantic closing day I've ever had.
Oh my god.
What up. tho' Cuzo?
For the hundredth time.
if we are not related
Yes. we are.
through marriage.
Speaking of. where's my wife?
She upstairs.
The baby isn't feeling well still. so she asked me
to bring the thermometer and the breathing treatment.
but she's trying to put him to sleep. So. maybe I can
congratulate you on this beautiful house.
I know you heard the streets on how fire my head game is.
Look ain't shit up. Channa.
You need to have some respect for my wife in her
motherfucking house.
Appreciate you bringing the machine and shit in here.
This ain't enough.
Especially. since I know your little secret.
Biggie.
What you're not gonna do is extort me.
So look.
I'll give you a extra 40 because we both know
that's what your ass used to.
You can get your snake ass to fuck up out my house.
Damn.
Shit.
Oh. there she go.
There she is.
So I left the baby to sleep.
And that Stephen is down.
That means we got approximately 36 minutes.
Oh?
36 minutes.
Instead of seconds.
So christen this new house
And celebrate
6 weeks. postpartum. So take this off.
Is that 6 weeks?
Ah. shit.
Mmh
Give me a drink.
Thank you.
There is something I need to tell you.
One of the not my coins and my coochie you can
tell me anything. Emory.
Harlem. I'm serious.
I ain't be telling you the truth.
Are you serious. huh?
Damn it. Emory.
Okay. look. Right now. I'm in this perfect house
and my perfect husband and I just have the perfect man.
How about you say all that. what's the matter?
Guess that's fair.
I want a break.
So I'll just tell you tomorrow.
Emory. what the fuck?
Whatever you want. furniture. clothes. whatever.
Emory. where did you get all this money from?
No. I got it baby.
Fuck! Emory. you scared the shit out of me.
Shit. my bad. I'm trying to remember is it Tylenol that
he allergic to?
empty the pockets-
give me the keys and everything right now.
Baby. give him anything he wants. Give him everything he-
Sir he's gonna give you everything just-
I got a pock- I got a pocket full of cash.
You can have all that shit.
Fuck!
Get the fucking bitch
You can't hear me? Fucking stupid. whore. bitch!
You hear what I said. You ain't your fucking looking-
Dang! bitch!
Ma'am...
Ma'am. we need to take the baby.
No!
Please...
Ma'am.
No!
Ma'am - No! Oh God. no!
Ma'am. we have to take the baby. ma'am.
Emory!
Baby. I really think it's time that
you open up these cards.
You know. send these folks some thank you cards.
It's the classy thing to do Har.
And maybe you can wash your hair.
You know. maybe your cousin can help you
do your hair like she used to do when you guys were kids.
Here.
At least. think about it Har.
Mama. can you take her?
Come on granny. baby.
Emory Grey. shut up!
Look. it's gonna all make sense one day.
Until then. just slow down. baby mama.
And enjoy the ride. Most of all...
don't blame this little one right here.
I need you to do me one more thing.
Wake up.
Wake up. Wake up.
Harlem. look who's here all the way from Grand Rapids.
Come here.
Now Harlem. we gon' cut the cake in a minute.
Y'all can go ahead Mama.
Have we switched places? You look like me trying to sneak
a square on the side of the house back when we was in the
high school. Give me that.
What is you doing with it?
Oh my God. look at Lolo. looking all grown
and fancy. What are you doing over here?
Bitch. I ain't see you since your mama moved.
Girl. your mama called and invited me. But look at you.
Bitch. I could not believe you have a whole baby.
Shit. me either.
Look though. I really been trying to get over here to come and
see you but them hoes at that shop.
Bitch. they keep me busy as hell. Okay?
Okay. you working at this shop. I see you.
You always said you wanted to do hair and shit.
Girl. I don't work at a shop. Bitch. I own that motherfucker.
Okay?
Okay. Stunt on me then. I know your mama proud as hell.
How she been?
Girl. she good. still crazy as hell. Mad as hell cause I like-
pussy but that ain't her business anyway.
Oh no bitch. don't look at me like that.
You not even my type. bitch. I like studs and plus
the bitches I fuck with. keep their hair done.
Okay. I see you still got fucking jokes. I see you.
No. for real though. we gotta do better as friends and we gon'
start there.
Yeah. we do gotta do better man.
Well. Imma slide. I don't do the kids. I just came over
to check on my old bestie poo.
Aw. thanks for stopping by Lolo.
You know what. what are you doing tomorrow?
My shop usually closed on Mondays but I want you to come in so
I can do your hair.
I don't know.
Don't think too hard on this. my treat. Look I got my card.
Look. the shop address is on my card. that is my personal
number. Call me for anything. okay?
I see you at 1 o'clock tomorrow.
One it is.
Alright.
See you. Lo.
Is that gospel music?
Yes. Oh. for your state of grief. Too much?
Yes
Yes. yes you are right.
Oh. we should pray. Yes. let's pray.
No. the fuck we should not pray.
Oh God. thank God yes. I didn't even have
a prayer on deck. I mean. I don't even know how to pray.
It's like. "hey God." and it's like. "dear God." it's like
writing a letter. which is like.
Can we just get this over with.
Yes. yes. come on.
Wait.
Well. you are officially $400.000 richer.
Emory would want you and your child to. you know.
have a cushion to fall back on.
What would he know?
I'm all set.
Yup. that's it.
Guess I'm out.
Hey. call me. We'll do brunch.
Yeah. no.
Can I see your ID?
Sure.
Here you go.
Miss Giles?
Mrs. Jiles.
Mrs. Jiles. you currently don't have an account with us.
No.
In other words. it will take about 6 to 10 business days
to clear for a deposit. Even if it's drawn
through our institution.
That's cool.
I actually have another one as well.
Girl. this one bigger than the last one?
Unfortunately. I'm gonna need my manager. Can you sit tight?
Do you mean it's closed?
Yeah.
Of course. it's fucking closed. like the fuck I said.
Everything is fucking closed on a Monday.
Take me the fuck home now. Scott!
I mean. looking dumb as fuck.
Crazy as hell.
You know that shit will kill you right?
But. you are sexy for all that.
C'mon. lemme hear you. lemme hear the shit. come on.
I want my hair done.
Oh my God. friend.
I am so sorry. I'm late like this.
Bitch. we got so fucked up last night. Come on.
Look.
I appreciate the offer but I just came to let you know-
I can't get no bread out the banks. so I can't afford to
get my hair done right now.
Girl. sit your ass down. Ain't nobody say nothing about your-
funky ass money. Now. what are we doing? Come on.
Cause you need it. 'Bout to work a miracle. Cause I don't know
what you been doing.
Me either bitch.
Lo. you know him?
Girl. that ain't nobody but Scott.
But. that fine motherfucker right there?
Bitch. that's the weed man. Everybody know him.
Lemme buzz him in and see what he want.
Lolo.
No.
Come on. Lo. Look. I need you to do me a favor.
Look. can you curl up baby girl hair for me. please?
I'm closed today. so I don't know what to tell you or her.
Look. how the hell you closed and she in your chair?
Cause she family. And. what does she got to do witchu?
Great.
What's your prize Lo?
You know what. Lo?
You should just take her cause I ain't-
no hair. with your money.
Thank you very much.
Alright.
You get your ass in this chair
before she change her mind now.
Thank you.
What did I tell you about doing this type of shit?
And why the fuck you got this big ass glasses on?
Yeah. give me my money.
Is she crazy?
So. what was she gonna get done?
To your hair. What was she gonna do to your hair?
Shit. I don't know. Whatever she want. I guess.
I'm not really into all that.
It's good. cause you don't need it.
They're extras.
You don't need all that extra shit.
Thank you. I guess.
I can't take that.
Why?
Got a boyfriend or something?
Oh. shit.
You're married.
No. I was married. Was married.
Okay. that's even better.
Now. come over here.
Allow your fairy godmother. Ms. Jamel Bhagari
of the legendary house of Bhagari to teach our new princess.
What's your name?
Harlem.
Harlem. I love it.
Allow me to teach you the profound artistry.
The illustrious life skill predating all of the badass bitches-
whoever ruled the tombs of Egypt
and all of the pale face devils
who ever laid on their backs in Europe.
The illustrious life skill of how to beat a face.
To the motherfucking gods.
Like a true queen.
Honey. welcome to the motherfucking world.
The legendary. the renowned.
the world famous.
Here. the girls will be girls.
The boys will be boys and shit.
The boys might be girls. too.
So come on in and have yourself a drink.
Honey. you will never clock this.
If you want me to take you back to your mama house.
I will if it's too much.
She's good sis. let her live a little.
Chug that damn drink.
So you went out partying. huh.
With Lavette?
Lolo. I mean she calls herself Lolo now.
You look beautiful. baby.
Thank you. mama.
Did you know-
Did you know Lolo is gay now?
Yeah.
Shit nigga. everybody was gay.
I went to the party with gay people
and I drunk rainbow drinks.
and I just danced.
Hell. it's so fun mama.
You need some help in the bed baby?
I love you mom.
I love you too. Harlem.
I love everybody.
Lo. you hear these dumb ass fool?
Lo? - Huh?
You hear?
Talk about he love going to the regular club so he can catch
all the fake gay niggas out there in the night.
He be ready to fuck anything.
No. Do you got a light?
No. I don't.
Girl. you know they be so ready they ready to take
any kind of whore.
And here come any whore.
Oh my God.
Girl. where are we going?
When you gon' be ready. I'm hungry.
we going to the stripclub. Views?
Views. Cause I got a D.A on the west side anyway.
And they got better lamb chops. anyway.
Though wait. what's the D.A?
Here you go with this shit.
Don't mind her. She got married to her first D.A.
and she was only 19.
Alright. well that's cute. lovely. innocent. fairy tale.
blah. blah. blah.
Alright. a D.A. is a good old fashioned term for
a dick appointment.
Wait a minute. bitch I thought you was gay.
Bitch just because I'm in love with a bitch
don't mean I can't get me a lil'
dick on the side.
Or a lot of dick.
What? Bitch I ain't no hoe. Stop playing.
I am really confused. friend. - Why baby?
I thought Lolo ass was gay.
You mean to tell me she be fucking niggas and bitches?
You're not confused.
Lolo ass is confused.
We know what the fuck we like.
That's true as hell. Crazy.
Goddamn. knocked up baby?
What we drinking now? I'm Ray by the way.
I'm Harlem. nice to meet you Ray.
and my friend just ordered me something. I don't know what it is though.
What kind of name is Harlem? And I ain't asked you all that.
I asked what we drinking up. Matter of fact. aight' baby
let me get 2 double shots
Thank you. friend.
...of the most expensive shit you got up in here.
Actually. can I get some foodies?
This for you baby. - Thank you.
So this who you tight with?
Me and him and my homegirl. up there in the booth already.
Okay. we'll see. Drink up then.
Where are you from Ray?
Baby I'm from the East. I can show you where I'm from matter of fact.
Why don't we get the fuck up out of here.
We'll go back to my place.
Yeah. no baby I'm good.
But thank you for the drink.
I can please you. baby
- You smoke? - Yeah I do but I'm good baby.
- Thank you for the drink
Why you acting like a bitch?
I'm trying to show your ass a good time.
Why you make it so hard?
I think what the lady trying to say is...
she good on all that my nigga.
My bad big homie. I guess this must be your bitch.
Nah. because if she were. you should be dead by now.
You aight' nigga. Bye Harlem. - Boy. fuck you.
Whatever.
I didn't realize you wore a cape but. thank you.
So that's how you got these niggas out here huh?
No. That is not a regular thing.
I almost didn't recognize you with the little extras
So I heard that tiny ass voice of yours.
I thought you liked the extras.
I don't.
I like you though.
You hungry?
Yeah. Actually me and my friends just came to eat.
They keep bragging about these Views' lambchops.
You ain't' never had the Views' lambchops?
No. I only ever been to one other club. that was a gay club
with my friends.
I guess I gotta lot to teach my lil' bae huh?
Your lil' bae?
Yeah. I think I can.
Alright bitches. I'm about to go meet Fancy at the gay bar.
It's way too motherfucking straight up in here for me.
Harlem what's my tab?
Alright. cool.
Ah no. don't do that sweetie.
Cmon' now you ain't fucking with no broke man.
and don't you ever touch a motherfucking bill in my presence
either.
What up dawg. my boy?
What up dawg?
I see you ladies. - How're you doing?
Pretty good.
I got all this for you.
This for you.
Now before you count on it. Imma let you know.
It's a little short.
What the fuck you mean by all that?
Rock. my week was like real slow but
I got you this weekend though. I got you.
Yeah.
You do that.
C'mon. Rock. You know me better than that.
I'm tryna keep it smooth around these bitches. you feel me?
But speaking of smooth.
how you ladies doing?
How're you doing? - Whoa. whoa whoa.
This one on me. black boy.
Alright. bro. My bad. - How you doing? I'm Lolo.
And why you all the hell over there? - Shit. I can come near you
Shit what we drinking now? - Sit. Champagne.
order you some shots. whatever.
How're you feeling?
I don't know ladies man.
Nothin' about me.
Hey. Scott. What's up with your man?
He got a couple dollars he tryna spend or not?
C'mon. Lolo. Now you know any nigga you see
with me get some type of money.
Good. Cause I need me a new bone sized nigga to
Hey. let me get an ace.
I got you.
Now what the fuck is this?
New shit I'm selling.
Keep fucking around and knock them baby hairs off the side
of your face.
Hoe. you got jokes. Okay. Okay.
So beautiful. bae. - Thank you.
Alright man. you good? - Yeah. - One for the Nikes man.
Appreciate it man. - You know we ain't going
nowhere else man. This our home man.
So what do they call you Harlem?
My daddy named me that. that's where he grew up.
And when he with my mama. they took a trip there and that's
where they fell in love.
They called their old school summertime Harlem love.
Well. shit it's summertime now.
Listen to this old-school shit.
Maybe we could have the same love they had too.
Maybe.
So what they call you? Rock?
Scott to motherfucking Rock.
First of all.
it's cause a nigga had to hustle.
A nigga used to sell rocks.
That's all I have really knew.
Secondly.
It's these motherfucking hands.
Yeah. Nigga from HP. Harlem Park.
And you know that's the motherfucker right there.
It is?
The motherfuckers used to test a nigga and I used
to knock out every motherfucker who tried.
You don't even look like the type of nigga
who would fight.
That's what they thought.
And now I'm Scott to motherfucking Rock.
I guess.
I would ask you if you grab me up. but we both know you
ain't that type of girl. So.
I'mma let you live for now.
You're gonna let me live for now?
Yeah.
I'll see you around. Har.
Oh wait. how you gon' see me you ain't even get my number.
You ain't hard to find and neither am I.
Goodnight. Harlem.
Look. it's Lolo ex.
Ya'll know where Lolo at? I'm her ten o'clock.
Like i said. I'm her ten o'clock.
Okay.
No one. anybody know Lolo?
I'm her assistant. How you doin'?
Oh my God.
She's running a little bit behind but I hear...
That's the Detroit stylist cause she running behind. like c'mon
What's the-- where she at?
What the fuck you want us to do?
Make the bitch magically appear?
I do! Like I want.
I want you to make my deposit appear too because she got it!
Where's my deposit? - Oh. Okay everybody.
Where's my deposit?
She will be here shortly but I can get you wash and blow-dry.
Hoe. Okay.
Hoe. c'mon wash and blowdry me.
C'mon!
Burn all that shit up out of there.
Do you need this ma'am?
Yeah. yeah.
Lolo. where the hell are you at?
You got 2 angry ass black bitches ready to beat me up.
Would you hurry up? 'fore they get me?
Cause bitch I'm scared. Hurry up. bye.
Any word on my deposit? Because this is ridiculous.
I spent. look-- I spent 500 on these bundles.
This is Brazilian-Malaysian!
Okay. I just have to...
Alright. find her.
I just talked to her. she's on her way. She'll be here shortly.
Okay?
Hoe. Hoe. Hoe.
Bitch is crazy.
And 500 of these.
She lyin' like a motherfucker. She spent
500$ on her hair. First of all. I am sick of her running.
She might be telling the truth. friend. I got a home girl in
Atlanta. She made a million dollars selling hair last year.
Bitch is about to be off to beauty supply.
They on this new wave called bundles.
A million dollars? - Yes. ma'am. But you gotta have some coins
saved up to buy the hair from a vendor.
You're Harlem.
The windex in the back and once you're done with that.
can you put the towels away for me?
Okay.
I didn't do too much did I?
No.
Or I put you in the spot in front of your homegirls did I?
No. - Sure?
Yes.
Wanna go out with me tonight?
You want me to?
Where you about to go? Cause I thought me and you
was going to the movies. Just us.
I got a D. A.
Is this where you taking me on our first date?
First date? Our first date was lamb chops and
Now you know that's how every true westside love story start.
Walking around we'll
have to name my first baby Detroit.
Yeah. no. I'm straight on that.
Y'all alright?
What y'all going on right here?
Let me get here real quick.
Come here. baby.[ music playing
Yes. sir.
Got another one of this huh?
Okay ma. come here real quick.
Let me introduce you to somebody. Please.
Mama. this my baby girl Harlem. Harlem. this is my OG.
Hey beautiful.
Oh my goodness. she's gorgeous.
Now. mama. Mama.
make sure she get a plate before all these motherfuckers.
Alright. -Alright.
C'mon baby. make you a plate?
Make sure you make this motherfucker a plate
cause I ain't tryna hear his mouth.
You okay baby?
Gotta get my shit together right quick.
You gon' drive?
Yeah I would love to but I can't.
You didn't drink shit.
I didn't. I just never learned how to drive.
My ex-husband would always chauffeur me around.
It was like our thing like I was his rider. you know?
That nigga really was lucky.
No. we both was lucky.
I mean. no shoot. Lucky.
Why you stop riding for the nigga. huh?
Yeah. I had no choice.
Some thug blew his brains out right infront of me.
Point blank.
Baby. I'm sorry to hear that.
Where was that at?
Right in this hood.
like 7 mile. in Livingway.
Know what he looked like?
What? I would never forget his face.
You ain't gotta worry no more.
You with me now. Okay?
You staying with me tonight?
That what you want?
Yeah.
Okay. then.
You know you mine right?
Is that right?
First step is we gotta get you out your mama crib.
Get you a spot by yourself.
so we can be together whenever we wanna be.
Yeah. no. The first step is me letting you know that I do have
a child.
he's about to be 3.
That's him.
Shit. that's beautiful baby. You got your little family. huh.
Somethin' like that.
Whatever you need. Whatever y'all need. I gotchu.
But don't think one second though you ain't give me one lil'
cute motherfucker.
You ain't got no kids. Scott?
No. But I'll put one in that tight wet motherfucker
She'll make us a little girl you know?
She'll have eyes like your mama.
And hair like her daddy.
I do not like this one bit.
Why mama?
Don't you think you're moving a little it too fast. Harlem?
I mean how well do you even know this boy?
I have been dating him for months actually.
Okay. so have you met his family?
And where did he live before this?
Tell me that.
Well. I did get to meet his mother. you would love her.
And... mama. you gon' love him too. just trust me.
I don't even know him. You don't find that strange about that?
Mama. everything's gon' be alright I promise. Okay
Just trust me.
Emory! You can't take all your toys
with us to Scott's house okay?
Mama Cheryl
You know. I see who my baby girl get after
Now I don't know what yo motive is son
but I'mma ask you this one time.
Kindly.
be gentle with my child.
All this rushin' to move. all fast and swift.
My Harlem's heart ain't built for another break.
But mama...
Miss Woods.
And since we're getting on names. you was?
I'm Scott James. Miss Woods.
Age? Kids? What do you do for a living Mr. James?
I work at Chrysler.
Chrysler.
Yeah.
Alright.
Which plant?
The one on Jefferson?
Jefferson.
shift?
Midnights.
How ironic.
I work in manning the C shift and I been a team leader for the
for the past eleven years and I ain't never seen you a day in
my life.
Oh that's probably because of...
Nah. I don't know what else you lyin' about.
but I for damn sure don't want my child a part of that shit.
So the quicker that you can remove yourself from her life
will be the motherfucking better.
Just let her down easy.
Cause my daughter can't lose another man she loves to the streets.
And I for damn sure ain't about to lose my child. with your Chrysler.
Bullshit.
Is everything alright Mama?
Oh yeah. baby! I'm just getting to meet my
future mother in-law.
I won't let you down Miss woods. I promise.
we gon' be one.
big.
happy family. - Aw.
What are you doing here. baby?
Bring that ass over here
I was in the area.
I wanted to see if you wanted to let me eat you up
and then have lunch.
Yes. c'mon.
Let me go grab my bag. - Alright. you do that.
Hold on.
Bag? What bag?
Oh. we went to somerset in between they clients.
And hold that bitch down. You hear me.
I'll be back. babe.
Where do I put this? - Oh. I got these. big fella.
Babe. this my cousin. Johnny. Johnny. this my man. Scott.
Sup. king?
Hop in the car.
Johnny. I'mma call you. was good seeing you. okay?
Right at you. 'couz.
Don't be no stranger. hey. - I'm not. you either.
Ain't not gonna open my door?
No. hop in.
Why wouldn't you?
Cousin Johnny. huh.
Yes. my cousin Johnny. I haven't seen them in years.
How convenient.
You got a cousin named Johnny. just pop out of nowhere.
Taking you more runs and buying you all type of shit.
Chillin' at the shop
Why you running that.
You think Johnny bought that shit?
You trippin'.
The fuck is someone fucking funny.
Boy. nothing. Nothing.
You doin the most I don't know.
Boy?
Yes.
Bitch. don't you ever in your motherfucking life.
call me boy again. Do you understand me?
Bitch. I am man and you gonna address me as such.
The fuck wrong with you. - Fucking wrong with you
when did we start calling each other all that names
You just called me a bitch. Scott!
Now I told your ass. if you want some slow and green you better
get your turtle. hoe.
I ain't him. We ain't no Emory time. bitch. This my time.
You gonna fuck around and get your cousin. Johnny.
kill. Bitch you think I'm motherfuckin playing with you.
And you taking all this shit back tomorrow too. okay?
Put your seatbelt on.
Fuck around and we're getting on accidents or something.
You got that motherfucking blood on my goddamn leather now.
You hungry?
Want something to eat?
Why don't you smile.
Smile.
I don't know.
Why you whole ass niggas like putting up game
in your money to.
But you always welcome over here.
I mean that shit too.
Ain't nobody give a fuck about this whole ass money. nigga.
We only here cause of the bad hoes flock together.
Now Harlem got all her badass friends out here too. nigga.
Fuck you mean too?
Oh shit bro. I don't know why the fuck you said that.
You know how this man get about his women?
What? - Friend. what happened to your back?
Oh. I be bumping in the sheet. You know I'm clumsy as hell.
Why can't you gotta be more careful?
Hey. girl.
How you've been?
Oh you brought some people. How you doin'? I'm Harlem
Send some nigga one of 'em fire ass plates you got in there.
Of course. you know I got you.
Alright.
Get them up on here.
Okay. here they come.
Oh. you gotta try my mama's mac and cheese.
Oh. she be snapping.
Appreciate this motherfucker. man.
I'm about to grab you a plate too. babe. Okay?
Hold on. wait.
Two of that plate. babe.
I'm you know this hungry motherfucker always eating.
No. wait.
Let me ask you something. You think it was a good idea to fix
this big and hungry motherfucker a plate?
Before you brought the motherfucker who bought the groceries
for you.
You motherfucker that goddamn plate.
No. he just asked for this all.
Oh. so you do whatever fuck this motherfucker tell you to do.
No. Give me this goddamn plate.
Damn. I didn't get that smell that motherfucker.
Here. babe. Is that your cut too?
Yeah it's fine. - Okay. I'll.
Hold on. Wait. wait. wait.
You move too motherfucking fast.
Listen. I don't want this shit.
First. you fixed this nigga a whole plate before you
fix your own nigga a plate.
And then you expect me to dine on a motherfucking swine.
This nigga hand me down motherfucking plate!
It's not that fucking serious. Hang on a sec-
What the fuck is wrong with you. dumbass?
The fuck is you doing?
Tryna clean this mess. you stupid ass messed
The fuck you say to me?
Bitch. you better use lowercase letters when you talking
to me. bitch.
I mean having a new motherfucking business plan about
a motherfucking mall. huh.
Get the fuck off.
Deal and deck the cards. nigga.
I know you ain't coming in here and trying
get some pussy after you just embarrassed me like that
in front of everybody. Scott.
Embarrassed you? - Yes.
Bitch. you talkin' crazy. bitch.
Scott!
Come on I'll fuck you. - Scott. stop. please.
Scott. Scott please
Please. please. Scott.
Please. please. please
Hey. Maeve.
What?
For somebody with all that new bling. you sure don't seem happy.
Ms. thing.
What's the say. mama?
Spill.
Ain't nothing wrong with me.
Just a little bit tired. that's all.
Yeah...
Tired of getting her ass beaten.
What the fuck you just say to me?
It's so funny to me how bitches will get tough with everybody.
but the nigga that's whooping their ass.
You see. I'm not gonna try to fight with you because my
therapist says it's very deflecting.
So Imma let you live. Just know. I'm tryna get
you some game. boo. That demon had me fighting with everybody.
My momma. my sister. my friends.
Wait. hold on.
What the fuck is going on right now?
Scott's ex-hoe need to mind her own fucking business
that's what's going on.
You know what? This is that same bitch Scott brought
in here about a year ago. -Okay. - So you knew exactly
who I was? - Yeah bitch. I know exactly who the fuck you are.
This well-done bitch tryna take my spot. But you got it boo.
Eat.
Damn. that's nice. - What friend? - That car.
Oh my God. Speaking of the fucking devil.
Speak of the fucking devil.
That's for me? Is it?
The bigger the gifts. the harder the hits.
Scott. Emory. I brought some food.
Hey baby. -
Gimme this. Scott. why in the fuck you got my child
around these drugs and shit. Are you fucking crazy?
What the fuck?
Basically straight 8.
Scott. why the fuck you got my son around your drugs and shit
He was this fucking close.
I'm watching the lil nigga. He good.
It's obvious you don't give fuck about me but what you not
gonna do is put my motherfucking child's life in danger.
You hear me?
What the fuck you say to me. bitch?
I said I'm sick of your shit I'm leaving your dumb ass. Scott.
Alright. bitch. Imma show you.
Open this motherfucking door bitch!
No! Leave me the fuck alone. Scott. I'm sick of you
putting your hands on me.
Open this motherfucking door! I swear to God. bitch.
I swear to motherfucking God.
If you don't open this motherfucking door. bitch.
Imma beat the dog shit out of you.
And if I do open it you gon' do the same motherfucking things
Leave me the fuck alone or I'll call the police
on your ass. Scott.
Crazy ass!
Okay listen. We gon' go downstairs. okay?
And no matter what. I don't want you to open your eyes until
we get to the car okay? So whatever mommy and papa Scott might
do. it's just a game we playin'
You promise?
So. don't open your eyes till you get to the car. right?
Pinky promise.
Let's go.
Do not open your eyes. so just...
get to the car.
Damn. huh.
See what the fuck you made me do?
Bitch. you talkin' about leaving me?
Talkin' about calling the motherfucking police.
Or guess what. bitch? I doubt that 911. and if you got the
balls to doubt the other one bitch. then you are motherfucking
shero.
If that was a problem now. You always sleeping hoe.
Look at you.
Wake the fuck up. bitch!
Wake up!
See what the fuck you done did?
I knock your motherfucking shoe off.
You know. Harlem.
thinking you just gon leave me. might be the dumbest shit you
ever thought of.
Only if you can get this thing going.
Bitchass stupid hoe.
Cause if I can't have you...
nobody can.
you see this shit?
Imagine if she coming in twice a week instead of one.
That's gonna come too. Watch. papa.
No. but that bitch gonna hit the row. right?
That's why you can't come?
I'll rub that belly.
While I drive?
I don't know about you.
Or not.
Mama got him in for the weekend.
And you know?
I hate being without you.
I don't know if I could with these cramps.
I even sat down all these medicines you gave me.
How long you been on?
Like 3 more days or about the time you get back.
I should be out.
Okay.
But you know what that mean. right?
You're not getting back.
You're gonna be my little girl.
Whatever you want. papa.
What time is it?
If I'm being on the road.
You got
So when I get to come around. I'll call you. alright?
Hey. be careful.
Bye.
Bye. boo.
Ugh
Fuck!
Hey. babe. You good?
Where you wanna be?
What's up. mama?
I didn't realize you had company.
I thought you were out of town with Scott?
This is my friend. Mr. Carlos.
Carlos. this is my daughter. Harlem.
Hi Harlem. honor to meet you.
I'm gonna stay here for a little while.
Got some stuff going on.
What's up little man? Wanna come with me?
No. I want to stay with granny and Mr. Carlos.
With Carlos...
Okay
Bretwhat he's doing here?
Your mama about hit him.
He been wearing her down.
Mom.
Momma.
You at no right to invite Scott here like that. That was vile.
Girl. he's been calling me here every single day. Harlem.
Okay.
He's truly sorry.
And he said. he's changed.
He's changed?
And he's been miserable ever since you left him.
I mean Harlem.
what did he do that was so bad that would make you
remove completely remove his child from his life?
Wow.
I don't what type of spell that man puts you under.
but Scott is a monster. mama.
And people change. Harlem.
He's a tortured man.
Lose his folks like that.
Lose his folks?
Yes.
What are you even talking about?
I met his whole mama.
That man is a liar.
And you fallen for it.
Baby.
That's not his mother.
What?
Just talk to him.
He's changed. baby.
Harlem. can't nothing happen to you here.
Talk to him.
Whatever.
Look. baby.
I know things haven't been going the way
its suppose to go. right?
But. I got to let you know. I have been fighting these demons
on my own.
I've been getting help and shit. You know a nigga been seeing
a counselor in my OG church.
And I'm working so hard
Scott. stop it. Okay.
I don't.
And they say that every time. you know.
It's possible that I can have a healthy relationship with-
Scott. -
Come on. baby.
I miss you.
I miss our family. I miss our life.
I can't sleep. I can't eat.
Alright. if you ain't let me be a part of my daughter's life.
I'm a fucking kill myself right.
You know something come down in here.
You put me the way in more than enough
for me to ever let you fuck with you like that again.
You hear me?
Baby.
I just wanna. I got the best push present
you could ever think of.
Can't I least do that baby. please.
Please?
There is no material thing that can ever make me take you back.
Any material. baby?
I swear to God. any material.
It's gonna mend your heart. Bring us back closer together
as a family.
Please. make me sure my baby girl.
But.
Oh.
Scott. where the fuck are we?
Baby. just trust me. You can't miss them. come on.
No. take me home. Scott.
You think I'm gonna hurt my baby?
That's my flesh and blood inside there.
You coming out with me?
Scott. I don't feel comfortable.
Take me home!
Hey. trust me. okay?
This was gonna bring our family back together.
Don't you want that?
Me. you. little Em.
my baby girl?
Come on now.
Scott. I'm not- Where the fuck are we going?
I don't feel comfortable. can't we just go?
Baby. trust me. - No. can't we just go.
Come on.
Gosh.
See. baby.
Did I do good?
Alright.
Now. wake the fuck up.
Did I do good. baby?
So. how's your trust?
You got anything you want to say to this bitchass nigga
before I blow his brains out?
Yeah.
Guess today is your lucky day. motherfucker.
Bag on my shoulde- piece over here.
And we can take the bag upstairs to me. baby.
up there in mama's room.
Thank you.
'Couz your phone ringing.
Girl. let it ring.
Fuck these niggas.
What? She finally stopped crying. weren't you so.
Look just like your daddy with all that hair.
What's up. Lo?
How is he?
I'm scared for real.
But you know him. He got a heart of a lion. so...
I just don't understand why you never told me he was sick.
Are you serious?
Girl. was nobody trying to answer up your new fancy life.
You know exactly where the shop is. the location ain't change.
How long has been since you came to see us?
Right.
Why. so you want me to just pop up at the shop?
So Scott gonna show up and beat my ass?
I could not risk that. I was pregnant. Lolo.
You couldn't risk it?
Ain't you back with him?
Right.
He ain't like that though.
He totally different now
or sort of...
Girl. why the fuck do I think he smashing
Shayna up behind my back?
Girl. Scott ain't never gonna be different.
You thought he was gonna change for you?
And Shayna?
Girl. he been fucking hoes.
Hold up. stop.
What the fuck is your problem. Lolo?
You acting like real off bitch. - My problem?
Yes. your problem. - My problem is you. miss rich girl.
You think everything about you!
Oh. yeah. Jamil told us about that check your damn
husband left you.
And? - You had all that money and you didn't help none
of us. You ain't putting anybody on!
That's fake as fuck!
Fake as fuck? Are you kidding- are you kidding
yourself right now?
You sound like a whole fool.
I've been doing real life issues these past 2 years.
And we ain't?
It's more than life than just turning up. That's all y'all
give a fuck about. bro.
You know what? I don't got to stay here
and listen to this shit.
Because you gonna see your friend while you still can.
But a real friend?
A real friend would have known he was fucked up.
Wow.
Now. miss girl. I know you ain't laying on this hospital bed.
With all this fine ass doctors and nurses are in the room.
Not your face. b.
Talk to me. let's see.
What's going on?
I know.
God ain't messing me up here so fast. I forgot my makeup bag.
Now talk to me. friend. What's going on?
I'm hospice.
And the doctors-- I don't know.
really haven't more than a week to live.
I came in to that.
And pneumonia. yeah.
They told me my HIV turning to full-blown AIDS.
Do you need anything? Say anything I can help you buy or...
Girl. you still be on my death bed.
I'm serious.
I had to get everything right here.
You ain't telling me what I want right now.
A box to the arrangement
I got it. A pink outfit. Just the same color pink my mom wear.
And I'm gonna be right next to her.
I need one thing from you.
What's that?
Leave Scott's ass alone.
You know. he really changed though.
He's been a good dad and everything
Girl. you couldn't sell me on that nigga if he was on sale.
Hey. miss Taylor. How you feeling?
Hi doctor. feel good in the morning.
Well. I was unaware you had company. So. I'll come back.
Thank you.
That's your fucking problem. That's your problem right there.
No. that need to be your problem.
That's a type of man you need.
You know 9-5 men.
Get you a nice building staying at the house. Laying in bundles.
Raise your babies.
And leave Scott's ass in the past.
I hear you.
I'm just trying to process. All these is a lot.
Is this. this is just a shell?
And I am tired.
But you not.
So you keep living and don't you meet me at no crossroads.
No time soon.
Unless you bringing my makeup back.
Then put a little of...
I can't thank you.
I'm scared.
I'm scared for you.
She isn't.
You...
I'm terrified.
Harlem...
Can you pray for me?
Cause I just don't think my lately.
Okay.
Hey. babe.
Yes. it was actually way worse than I heard her.
They say he not gonna make it. so they allowed me to stay.
Way past visiting hours. so I'm gonna stay as late as I can.
Okay.
So I'll see you after I grab the kids.
Alright. Love you.
Bye.
Hey. mama.
Mama. I want you to get the kids to.
You hungry?
Okay. baby. Okay.
Just put that bottom lock on your way out the door. Have fun!
Who is that mama? Whoever there?
Yeah. hang on.
Oh. it's your cousin Shayna.
She got a big date tonight.
She came by. She went up to your room and grabbed
one of them fancy pair of shoes in your closet
Hey.
Hand me my shirt.
I just talked to that nigga about the booth.
We need to get the fuck out of here before your little
girlfriend come home and get her little feelings hurt.
Nigga that's not mine. That's hers.
My bad.
But shit. we good.
Talked to her and she said she gonna be at the hospital
all night long.
Oh. Scott...
What's up. old sis.
Right.
Hey. boo boo...
Hey baby.
I thought you said you gon be at the hospital.
Who the fuck is back there. Scott?
Who? - Ain't nobody back there.
Who the fuck you back there? - Nobody.
Come here. come here you.
Girl. I swear its not what it look like.
Fuck. no!
That's great. we were just playing stop...
Fuck.
Bitch!
Hey. hey! Come on. baby. Now. she's hurt.
You fucking trippin'.
I swear we ain't do shit!
Get the fuck out! All of y'all get the fuck!
I swear it's not what it look like!
Get the fuck out!
Everyone of y'all tell me who's a snake ass bitch.
Hey. come on. Nobody ain't doin that with that girl.
I swear on my dead mama. it's not what it looks like.
Get the fuck outside.
Now you trippin'.
Couz. - Fuck all of y'all. Get the fuck out!
Hey. were you gonna drive.
Come on. baby. Pick up the phone.
Alright now. Harlem. What the fuck is going on there?
Where the fuck you at. baby? Shit ain't making no goddamn sense.
I called your momma. Cheryl won't let me know
where the fuck you at. Come on. I was just crazy. baby.
Come on. I get it. I fucking get it. Harlem. I fucked up.
But we can't fix this shit if you don't come home.
Now we two grown ass motherfucking adults.
You left your kids. you left me. we miss you.
I mean come to think about it.
What type of motherfucker just up and leave their kids anyway.
You ain't shit. but a raggedy ass
rat ass bitch for real. Harlem.
But you keep on motherfucking playing with me. Keep playing.
Anyway.
Call me. when you get this message. babe.
I love you.
Well.
Ms. Charles.
This looks to be about the easiest deal we got done.
Oh. - Congratulations again on your new business.
I know your husband must be very proud.
No.
He probably smiling down on the days I'm right for
the first time.
Oh. my condolences.
Yeah. I should have asked.
Your husband was a lucky man.
You're a very beautiful woman. Ms. Charles.
No need to apologize. Mr. Bourne.
Please. Call me Bryan.
Well Bryan. I really appreciate that this is a big step
for my children and I.
Children.
Okay. I'm learning something new about you every second.
What? For real. if you ever need a trust set-up for your kids
or anything like that. I would love to help you keep your
husband's legacy alive.
I'm not sure if you're in a market for a bigger home
but. I do residential real estate as well.
You know what? I'm gonna have to take you up on that offer.
I actually buying this business was the first step. I didn't
even get us a place to stay in right now.
So maybe you can send me some properties you
have in a gated community.
And I can check them all on the flight back home to Detroit.
I am definitely get on that for you.
But again. congratulations Ms. Charles. I know you're gonna be
very successful here in Atlanta.
Harlem. Actually. call me Harlem.
Okay. Harlem.
Come give me a hug. boy.
Mommy!
Look at what I got you.
You like it?
Go play.
Hey. pumpkin!
You okay?
Period.
What's up. mama?
Why you got my baby on them Cheetos?
She quiet.
I just wanna say thank you for all you've done with me
and the kids.
and helping me as much as you do.
And this is a small token of my appreciation.
Now. you know what I'm about to say.
Ain't no amount of money worth no piece of mine. Harlem.
That boy is crazy. He's been calling here 50 times a day.
I had to get rid of my house phone because of him.
You know. he's not stable. You need to call the police.
Hey. mama. I already did that.
And it not has helped.
I dunno who could thought a piece of paper can keep a crazy
person away.
And that's why. I gotta get me and mine out of here.
Excuse me.
Alright. I just went ahead and did it. because I ain't want
you to try to talk me out of it.
But. I bought some property and a building for a business.
in Atlanta.
Atlanta?
Har...
Mom.
Us moving away is about the only thing that can keep him away.
I mean. you can always come visit.
Or I can get you your own place.
But mama. he ain't keep making them threats if he don't mean it.
So you can either come visit me there or the grave site.
It's up to you.
Well.
When we going?
Are you rubbing my toes?
Yeah. I guess I got some planning to do.
You know. I'm gonna throw me a bombass going-away party.
I got to get to packing.
Oh. I'm gonna need this.
I'm not mad at that.
So look. I wanna be out of here before the first.
So I'll get the kids and all their school.
I'll work everything about the visit.
Alright now. cause you know that crazy motherfucker
cannot keep me away from my grandbabies.
So. Atlanta it is?
Atlanta! - Atlanta! - Atlant! - Guess we going Atlanta.
Yes! - We going Atlanta. - You ready to go at Atlanta. Mumu.
They keep fucking playin' with me!
When she post this?
I dunno. I seen it the other day when I was on the way
to the shop.
Fuck. you need to leave that bitch alone.
She don't want you like I want you.
Bitch. you don't know what the fuck you on.
Har going to?
That bitch trying to get the fuck away from you.
She gonna go all the away to Atlanta.
That bitch got a shop and a house already.
Rock. it's been months.
You got to let her go.
Why she doing this shit?
What nigga she fuckin' with some cheese?
You playin. right?
You know. she's been sitting down there half a million since
that nigga die.
He left her straight.
Good 'ol Henry. huh?
Left that bitch to some cheese.
And that bitch didn't even tell me.
It's a dirty game. boy.
That money was sitting in a bank.
You know. that nigga was a working nigga.
He add that insurance policy. then she taught her how to sell
that big ass house in the Boston. Edison District.
Nigga. had her all fooled.
You lying. - Oh no.
Man. we used to get so much cheese together.
You know. worked on the same bag.
But the nigga wanted out.
Start switching up.
Thinking he was smarter than anybody else.
That's when he got his ass blown.
What the fuck is going on Shayna?
Where Harlem at?
Baby. chill.
Nah. she's supposed to be here. So you could tell her we ain't
ever did shit.
I just said that to get you up in here.
You ain't be answering my calls or texts.
I just missed you.
Oh. really?
Yeah. I figured we could finally be together.
Now that the bitch leaving.
Shit
Right there.
You gonna
Hey. boy. Quit playing. You ain't use them before
So was blowin to the moon. we're fuckin.
Quit playing and put it in.
Look. you know I ain't fucking with you.
Trying to get my family back.
Your family? Nigga. I'll be ready to add a new edition.
Cause I'm pregnant.
What?
Yeah.
Bitch. don't fuckin play with me. I'll beat you motherfuckin...
Nigga. I'm not Harlem. I'll get your ass locked up.
Bitch! - Ooh!
Bitch. who told you to motherfucking baby.
I'm sorry. huh?
I'm sorry.
Bitch. why the fuck you pulling up over here like that?
No. I ain't got time for your crazy shit today.
Bitch. I'm trynna get my family back.
Don't nobody give a fuck about you or your pathetic
ass family. The only reason why I'm over here is because
I think something wrong with Shayna.
Now. we were supposed to go out two nights ago.
She didn't show up.
I went to her house to go check on her.
Saw the car. but when I went to go knock on the door nobody
came to the door.
Now. I'm over here to talk to Harlem because Harlem her family.
And she the only person who could do a wellness check.
Look.
Ain't nothing wrong with that bitch.
She probably out doin what hoes do.
But either way it go. Lolo. you gotta get the fuck on.
I'm about to get my family.
You really one nutty ass nigga.
When you gonna get it through your thick ass skull that she
don't want you?
Scott. niggas like you don't deserve good girls like Harlem.
The quicker you get that through your head.
the better off you gonna be.
Bitch. what the fuck you say to me?
Scott.
Now I know we all gonna act like we got some sense today.
right?
Yes.
I'm just here tryna get my family back. That's it.
Look at my little baby.
She then gone so big.
Yes. she sure has.
So can I wake her up?
Oh. no you shouldn't
Don't worry now.
You right.
Ms. Cheryl. I just came here to talk to you and Harlem.
I think something going on with Shayna. she gotta be in
trouble. because two days ago we were supposed to go
to a friend party like friends.
So you using those words real loosely.
And Shayna. she been up and running off since she was twelve
years old. My sister couldn't keep a leash on her. so I'm
pretty sure she gonna be just fine.
I guess.
Oh no. I'm sure.
Now Harlem's in the back with her guest.
You are more than welcome to say goodbye on your way out.
Hey.
Now. Scott. You know good and goddamn well you not about to
come up in my house with no gun on you.
after all of these threats.
I'm sorry. Ms. Cheryl.
I ain't even realized I had this bitch on me.
Know you can't be too safe.
Don't play with me. - You know where we at.
I'mma go lock it up in the wheel.
Let me see what is this.
So is this for me?
Nah.
This for Daddy's little baby.
Here.
Excuse me?
Come get your baby.
That's why I love you. Ms. Cheryl.
You gonna make sure I get my family back.
Hey. mama Cheryl
You empty your house?
You got something you want to tell me?
Don't worry.
You going to Atlanta with us too?
With us?
Woah. woah. woah.
'Sup. little man you gonna run past your Papa Scott.
Scott. I'm gonna let you go ahead and spend some time
with the kids.
I'm gonna go get Har.
You got some money up in your pocket?
You know. you gotta keep some money in your pocket.
You're not. I'm not raising a broke son.
Papa Scott going to make everything alright. you know right.
Me. you. your mama. lil True
We gonna be a family.
We gonna move. have a fresh start. You like that?
Come on and give me a hug then.
Give your sister a hug.
I love you. Go play.
That's right.
My pride and joy.
He is fine. I'm so ready to go you have no idea.
You deserve that. - I can not wait. Hey.
I'm so excited for you - Girl. Atlanta here I come.
What is she doin here?
Okay.
What's up? - I know you probably don't want to see me right
now. but something going on with Shayna. I think she in trouble.
Yeah. I'm pretty sure that she's fine.
She been doing this forever. Furthermore. I don't give a fuck
what's going on with Shayna.
I know you don't mean that for real. but she's still family
at the end of the day.
I don't know.
And I'm pretty sure... - What's going on?
Why don't you go and fix you a plate. and show your way out.
She is a snake. - I know. - And don't believe nothing that
shits. she's been saying about Shayna. She just gonna be
just fine. baby.
You think so?
I know so. - Okay. in that case. you ready to go to Atlanta.
I'm ready to go.
Oh you look so beautiful. - Thank you. mama.
You want. - Yeah. why? - Gonna refill my cup.
Girl... - Thank you. - And fill up mine.
Anyway. girl. Can't believe that bitch showed up.
The nerve. - The nerve. Do you remember what I told you
happened to me and her? - Yes.
Stupid film. It's the yellow for me.
I know you'll look so pretty today. - Thank you!
Okay. so you were telling. - Moving to Atlanta. - Okay.
North-East.
Hey ma'am. - Hey sweetie. how you doing?
Thank you. - No prob.
If the garbage is full. can you dump it right in.
Thank you.-
Thank you. mama. - Girl. you know that boy is crazy.
He. here?
And what he talking about that he's going
to Altanta with us?
What? - Yeah. he said that you said that.
You know good thing I won't say that mama.
Don't worry about him.
I don't know.
I think he crazy. - I know he crazy. but he won't tell
nothing. And I'm gonna talk to him
and get it right. okay?
And be careful what you say to him now.
Mama.
he not the only one crazy this time. okay.
You forgot what I got in this purse.
You give me this. Girl...
Give me one more sip.
Don't worry about him no more.
We good.
Alright now.
Leave them other guys alone. baby.
Ain't got tell me.
look at that baby. - Oh my God.
I only had you for 5 seconds. somebody already snatch you.
Now where you going mimi.
What's good brother? - Good. - Likewise.
What's up. Scott?
How you doing. baby girl.
I like this shit right here.
You should try one of these for our new spot.
Well maybe seeing you tryna kinda remind me
of one of those nightly movies. you know.
So tell me about Atlanta.
What about Atlanta. Scott?
I never been.
We are not going to Atlanta.
We are not starting over.
I just invited you to have a talk. that's all.
Woah. woah. woah
Wait a minute now.
Now you saying on the phone that we was gonna talk about
this shit and we're gonna start fresh?
No. I did not. I said I want to talk.
Talk about some type of custody agreement for True.
That's if you wanna be in your child's life.
Hey. Shirl. How you doing. girl. - Same. - How you doing?
Good. Did you see Shantay and her family outside?
No. not yet. - Girl. she brought that potato salad
you better come on. you know. Can't get enough of that side.
everything okay? - Yeah. - Okay.
So you think. you gonna take my baby and move all the way
to Atlanta. Bitch. Huh?
'Till you can be civilized.
I'll tell you what? I'll hire both of us a lawyer
and we can do it that way.
I heard you got your money from your lil dead ass husband too.
You feeling yourself up. huh bitch.
But. let me tell you this.
You or my motherfucking baby ain't going to Atlanta.
Unless it's over my dead body.
If you say so.
Hey. what did I tell you.
I told you she was through with your ass. She gone.
Like you rushing up out here cause you got your last
good look at her.
I really hope you enjoy that.
Bitch.
I dunno why the fuck you keep on playing me like
I wanted this bitch out.
Keep playing with me. Bitch.
Man. try it.
And these all motherfuckers will call the police so fast.
They gonna catch your ass before you hit that fucking corner.
And you know they gonna love this pretty ass hair when you
get in jail. Scottie Man.
Now. Miss mama.
Don't want you next to dad.
We better get your diaper changed mamas.
True.
Still.
Sit down.
No. - Shut up!
My boy. who are you talking to? - No. you shut up!
No. you shut it! Shut up!
My boy. who are you talking to?
Hell. I hate him.
I always hated you too. little nigga.
Scott! Scott! Scott. Scott.
Please. Scott. Scott.
Please. you can't- Scott. Scott. please. baby. please.
Scott. please. Please.
I wasn't good enough for you huh. bitch. - No.
Please! - Guess what?
You. - No.
That little bitchass son. - You killed my baby.
Go say what's up that nigga ain't no problem.
Cause I told you. bitch. If I can't have you. nobody will.
No!
Harlem?
No.
No!
Scott!
You bitch. you killed my daughter!
You killed my baby!
My grandbaby.
Nigga. you ain't shit. You ain't shit. you ain't shit.
Dear True. I wish you could read or talk. so you could tell
mommy we will always be a family because if I can't have her.
no one ever will.
Love. Daddy.